at EF wire.com video-review
greetings and welcome to another video
review brought to you by Spain of TL
wire calm as you can see today we are
looking at classics bumblebee this is a
redo of the classic character bumblebee
into a more current form as far as I can
tell he is well he's obviously a small
car a small import car of some sort no
idea what kind of car he is but it's
pretty cool looking now I've got
override here another deluxe figure for
a size comparison as you can see most of
the dachsies are going to be larger than
this character he is a deluxe by the way
he was purchased at big bad toy store
for the price of about eleven dollars
now this is what you get when you get
the figure there are no weapons you just
come with a little trailer with a jet
ski and medieval actually I think this
car is more reminiscent of the there are
types of cars in Japan that people just
take to the beach Beach Street sterling
I guess but I'm going to show you a
little bit of a size comparison here
because he is small for a deluxe figure
it's actually very small for a deluxe
figure but that's not necessarily a bad
thing in this case it's actually a very
fun figure especially in vehicle mode
he's cute and he's small and that's what
always made the original so alluring you
know we're gonna go ahead and transform
him here for you let me just move the
camera back a little bit we're going to
start actually by turning them over and
popping the doors off and then rotating
them in then we take the arms and push
the wheels in to rotate it out
and actually I'm going to boost the
camera up a little bit just so as me
this is easier for you guys to see yep
now I'm like I leave the doors on just a
little bit then we just take the pop it
up maybe sure to take the hitch and
swing it back so you can swing the
lights all the way down pop the seats
down split the legs open put the hood up
and flip the feet up there you have the
feet and the legs are formed you lock it
into place and then you bring the chest
or the top of the car oh and as you can
see just from the heat on my finger the
rub sign activated rub signs are back
very cool
flip the head down and lock it into
place turn the head up turn these around
and there are actually little holes they
that the doors plug into so that's
really really cool and they actually
slide in which is very awesome now
bumblebees down here hi we're going to
take a look at the jet ski which
actually turns into a jet pack it's on a
Y joint here you just open it up and
then spin this around this is actually
really tight and then you just drop it
in the back here there's actually a
little hole right there for it to plug
for the tip to plug into I've got a
little off kilter here
it plugs right in and then you just turn
this like this and I like to just
flatten it out a little bit and you've
got them with a jet pack now the figure
actually is small
I mean he's short for deluxe but once
again that's not a bad thing I found
that this figure is a lot of fun to play
with and I mean a lot of fun he doesn't
have the best pose ability in the world
but it doesn't really matter because
he's just so much fun to play with and I
really really am happy that they brought
that they're bringing this figure out in
a red paint scheme as Cliffjumper yes
that was confirmed at this recent con
that's how I know about that but he does
have quite a bit of pose ability and
contrary to what I just said in the legs
there are one two three four two three
hit four different joints in each leg
that allow him to pose and kind of crazy
positions like I've had him in there for
a second and I just I'm gonna show
here's a pen just a normal bic pen
that's how tall he is it's not the
tallest figure in line but hey who cares
it's a great figure highly recommended
once again $11 a big bad toy store
probably $9.99 when you when he hit some
basic retail I highly recommend the
figure 9 out of 10